docs: init, search, show, auth, activate manpages (#913)
flox/flox: cli/flox/doc/flox-activate.md

# SYNOPSIS

```
flox [ <general-options> ] activate
     [-d=<path> | -r=<owner/name>]
     [ -t ]
     [ -- <command> [ <arguments> ] ]
```

# DESCRIPTION

Sets environment variables and aliases,
runs hooks,
and adds `bin` directories to your `$PATH`.

Launches an interactive subshell when invoked as `flox activate` from an
interactive shell.
Launches a subshell non-interactively when invoked with a command and
arguments.
May also be invoked as `$(flox activate)` to produce commands to be sourced
by your current `$SHELL`.

When invoked interactively,
the shell prompt will be modified to display the active environments,
as shown below:
```
flox [env1 env2 env3] <normal prompt>
```

# OPTIONS

## Activate Options

`-- <command> [ <arguments> ]`
:   Command to run in the environment.
    Spawns the command in a subshell
    that does not leak into the calling process.

`-t`, `--trust`

> :   Trust a remote environment for this activation.

Author: Fixed

```{.include}
./include/environment-options.md
./include/general-options.md
```

# ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES

## `$FLOX_ENV`

> The absolute path to the _install prefix_ of the environment being activated.

Author: Install prefix is a common term, although I'm not sure if we should even list either of these environment variables in hindsight. I'm not sure what use a user would derive from knowing the install prefix. The only reason I included the active environments variable is because if your prompt isn't working you can use it to figure out which environments are active in the absence of a `flox status` command.

Set by `flox activate` before executing `shell.hook`.

If multiple environments are active,
each `shell.hook` will run with its associated `FLOX_ENV` set properly,
and the activated environment will have `FLOX_ENV` set to the left-most

> environment listed in the prompt.

Reviewer: This sentence reads a bit weirdly.
It also sounds like we set the variable to `<env name>` rather than a PATH.

There is also no `shell.hook` I guess you mean `hook.script`?

Suggestion: 

```
Upon activation, `FLOX_ENV` is set to the environment's respective install prefix
before an it's shell hook (`hook.script`) is called.
If `FLOX_ENV` is already set from another active environment,
it will be reset according to the latest activation.
```

Author: I've just deleted this environment variable from the manpage. I don't see a reason a user needs to know any of this.

> This variable may be used to set other environment variables such as `MANPATH`,
> `PKG_CONFIG_PATH`,
> `PYTHONPATH`,
> etc so that relevant tooling will search these directories to locate files and
> resources from the environment.

Reviewer: Include the obvious in the list, also not sure if sembr _requires_ each item of the list on a separate line?

```suggestion
This variable may be used to set other environment variables such as `PATH`,
`MANPATH`,
`PKG_CONFIG_PATH`,
`PYTHONPATH`,
etc.,
so that relevant tooling will search these directories to locate files
and resources from the environment.
```

Author: Fixed

> **N.B.** the default shell hook for newly-created environments will
> source the `$FLOX_ENV/etc/profile` file at activation if it exists.
> This behavior can be viewed and/or modified with `flox edit`.

Reviewer: Question: Is this still accurate? I don't think we source FLOX_ENV/etc/profile at all and profile.d/* is always sourced

```suggestion
**N.B.** `flox activate` will `source` the files in `$FLOX_ENV/etc/profile.d` prior to running the shell hook.
```

Author: This section was removed

> ## `$FLOX_ACTIVE_ENVIRONMENTS`

Reviewer: Question(nb): should we mark this as internal (prefix with `_` if we consider it subject to change?

Author: Probably, I'll do that

# SYNOPSIS

```
flox [ <general-options> ] activate
     [-d=<path> | -r=<owner/name>]

>      [ -t ]

Reviewer: note/question (nb): we do have a (hidden flag) `--in-place` to force printing the script.

Do we want to make this official @ghudgins @jennymahmoudi ?

I'm not strongly attached to the name (@mkenigs preferred `--print-script`), nor that it is public

Reviewer 2: can you put `for debugging` somewhere in the description and put it towards the end? I think @mkenigs' name is a bit more descriptive. no strong preference if you man page it or not. If a customer could find it useful to debug what flox is doing, doc it

Author: Done

     [ -- <command> [ <arguments> ] ]
```

# DESCRIPTION

Sets environment variables and aliases,
runs hooks,
and adds `bin` directories to your `$PATH`.

Launches an interactive subshell when invoked as `flox activate` from an

> interactive shell.

Reviewer: question/design (nb): what is flox supposed to do in a _non-interactive_ context?
* fail?
* only run the hook?

> Launches a subshell non-interactively when invoked with a command and
> arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Launches a subshell non-interactively when invoked with a command
and arguments.
```

Author: Fixed

May also be invoked as `$(flox activate)` to produce commands to be sourced
by your current `$SHELL`.

When invoked interactively,
the shell prompt will be modified to display the active environments,
as shown below:
```
flox [env1 env2 env3] <normal prompt>
```

When multiple environments are activated each of their shell hooks
(`hook.script` or `hook.file`)
are executed in the context of the environment that they come from.
This means that for each shell hook various environment variables such as
`PATH`, `MANPATH`, `PKG_CONFIG_PATH`, `PYTHONPATH`, etc,

> are set to the appropriate values for the environment in which the shell
> hook was defined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are set to the appropriate values for the environment
in which the shell hook was defined.
```

# OPTIONS

## Activate Options

`-- <command> [ <arguments> ]`
:   Command to run in the environment.
    Spawns the command in a subshell that does not leak into the calling
    process.

> 

Reviewer: missing `-d|--dir` flag

also the order isdifferent than in the USAGE

Author: The `-d` and `-r` options are part of `include/environment-options.md`, which Matthew was working on in a separate PR.

`-t`, `--trust`
:   Trust a remote environment for this activation.

>     Activating an environment executes a shell hookwhich may execute arbitrary

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    Activating an environment executes a shell hook which may execute arbitrary
```

    code.
    This presents a security risk,
    so you will be prompted whether to trust the environment.
    Environments owned by the current user are always trusted.

>     You may set certain environments to always be trusted using the config key
>     `trusted_environments."<owner/name>"`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You may set certain environments to always be trusted or denied
   	using the config key
    `trusted_environments."<owner/name>" = (trust | deny)`
```

Author: Fixed

    or via the following command:
    `flox config --set trusted_environments.\"<owner/name>\" trust`.

```{.include}
./include/environment-options.md
./include/general-options.md
```

# ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES

## `$_FLOX_ACTIVE_ENVIRONMENTS`
A JSON array containing one object per active environment.

> This is currently an implementation detail and its contents are subject to
> change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is currently an implementation detail
and its contents are subject to change.
```

Author: Fixed

# EXAMPLES:

> Activate an environment stored in the current directory:

Reviewer: suggestion: use subsections?

Unless that messes up formatting siginficantly, i guess this is providing the right structure

```suggestion
## Activate an environment stored in the current directory:
```

Author: The formatting in the terminal is a little weird with subsections (code blocks indented two levels). I also think it looks fine in the rendered HTML without subsections.
